Grandpa, you are back.
Grandpa, where were you last night?
Why don't you call home?
Do you know how worried your mother is about you?
I went out to drink with friends last night and slept in the hotel after drinking too much
Do you know how harmful drinking can be?
If you like to play with friends
Come to the house for a party
Mom is ready for you?
Hmph, I'm afraid I'll drink and hurt my body
Are you afraid of hurting Qu Lili's backup kidney source?
You didn't sleep well when you were drunk last night, did you?
Go upstairs and get some sleep
Come down and drink a bowl of bird's nest later
Mom, let the servant prepare it for you.
Yanyan, why didn't you answer my call last night?
Don't get me wrong.
There's really nothing between me and Lily
Please reply to me when you get home.
I've only been home a few minutes
The news is really coming
Hello? Do you have a shift the night after tomorrow?
I pay three times the appearance fee